.TH APPWEBANGEL "1" "March 2009" "appwebAngel" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
appwebAngel - Embedded HTTP Server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B appwebAngel
[\fI--args arguments\fR] 
[\fI--console\fR] 
[\fI--daemon\fR]
[\fI--heartBeat interval\fR]
[\fI--home directory\fR]
[\fI--install\fR]
[\fI--log logFile:level\fR]
[\fI--program path\fR]
[\fI--start\fR]
[\fI--stop\fR]
[\fI--uninstall\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The appwebAngel program is a guardian angel process for Appweb. It watches over Appweb to start it
and restart it should it fail. The angel is a robust, minimal program with one job - to ensure
Appweb remains available. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--args arguments\fR
Arguments to use for the Appweb command line when it starts.
.TP
\fB\--console\fR
Windows specific option to allow the Angel process to interact with the users desktop.
.TP
\fB\--daemon\fR
Run the Angel as a daemon process. This causes the Angel to detach from the current shell and run in the background.
.TP
\fB\--heartBeat interval\fR
Set the frequency in seconds for the Angel to check on Appweb. This period should be short enough that Appweb will
be quickly restarted should it fail, but not so short that the Angel process consumes significant CPU resources.
If Appweb dies more than 15 times per hour, the Angel will suspend restarting Appweb.
.TP
\fB\--home directory\fR
Set the home directory in which to start Appweb.
.TP
\fB\--install\fR
Windows specific option to install the Angel as a windows service.
.TP
\fB\--l logFile:level\fR
Specify a file to use for log messages. The level argument defines the message verbosity. Zero is the least and 9 is the 
most verbose.
.TP
\fB\--program path\fR
Define the Appweb program path to execute.
.TP
\fB\--stop\fR
Windows specific option to stop the Angel service.
.TP
\fB\--start\fR
Windows specific option to start the Angel service.
.TP
\fB\--uninstall\fR
Windows specific option to uninstall the Angel as a windows service.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Output the product version number.
.PP
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <dev@embedthis.com>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003-2009 Embedthis Software.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
appweb
